All right, Claude. So this is a test of
the presentation we're
about to do. Okay. So welcome to my
presentation of open and closed source,
open and closed loop.
The economics of
large language model OS.
So right now the video should still be the
full screen,
but as of now, the video should start
narrowing down and only the center pieces
is kept.
And then it should, it's like a vertical
aspect ratio, and then it should shift
to the right side of the screen.
And on the screen now, you should show the
title of this presentation, okay?
And on the bottom, at this point right
now, show like a slider,
whereas it's like a
whole screen, it's like a video slider.
to control the playback position.
However, it's also controlling the
whole slideshow, right? Like the
slide deck
progress. And this whole slide deck is an
interactive
website. It's not some static content
because otherwise
it wouldn't be any different from watching
a video, right?
The user should be able to interact with
it.
Now,
let's... Jump into our topics.
Number one is what is open and what is
closed loop.
Oh, by the way, make all the slideshows,
you know, dynamic and, you
know, people's attention spans are small.
You don't want to do it. Um,
okay. So yeah, what is open and closed
loop?
Well,
that means if you insert a human into an
open loop,
uh, into a closed loop,
then it slows it down. A closed loop is a
system that self iterates.
Here, you can see an example of how I use
this self-iterating principle to improve a
rack setup in my
coding agent skill project.
So for skills, that's like VCS
and retrieving context, I have skills to
improve them.
And I prompt Claude to write these skills
so that it can iteratively update
the skill themselves to reach a better
metric.
That's an open loop.
OK, so let's pause here.
This is the test. And make the website an
Awwward-winning designer website.
This is for a presentation, so make it
really fancy
and fun. All right, thank you for
attending my talk.